README.md, before:

# SNIK Quiz

![SNIK Quiz screenshot](../../releases/download/0.2/snik-quiz.png)

## Usage
Play at http://www.snik.eu/quiz by clicking on the correct answer for each of the questions.

## Development
Requires `npm` and a Linux style command line with tools like `sed`.

### Create Questions

* There are several types of questions which have a template each.
* The questions from all templates are merged into a [JavaScript file](src/data/quiz-data.js).
* Recreating the questions is only necessary when the templates have been changed or the data on the [SNIK SPARQL endpoint](https://www.snik.eu/sparql) has changed in a way that should be reflected in the questions.
* Recreating the questions is a partially automated process.

#### Process

subject.sparql depends on the graph http://www.snik.eu/ontology/derived.
For each template:

1. Execute the SPARQL query in the `sparql` directory, for example [definition.sparql](sparql/definition.sparql). You may need to disable "Strict checking of void variables" in the Virtuoso SPARQL Query Editor.
2. Save the output as a tab separated values (TSV) file, such as `definition.tsv`.
3. Use the transformation script to create a JavaScript  for example `./transform-definition < input > definition.js`
4. The transformation file may not be correct, use a text editor with search and replace to create a syntactically correct JavaScript array.

At the end, use the existing [quiz-data.js](src/data/quiz-data.js) to get the header and footer and add the contents of the template arrays.

#### Question Templates

* Name: Given a definition, choose between the names of 4 "similar" classes to find the correct one.

##### Add a new Question Template
Create the files as required by the process.

### Run Locally
`npm start`

### Deploy to GitHub Pages

    npm run build
    ./deploy

### License
Almost all the code is from https://github.com/davidrayoussef/react-quiz so we just supply the LICENSE file of that project. With our additional code you can do whatever you want. The question data is probably in the same category as https://github.com/IMISE/snik.

Commit message:

Improve license wording and add badges for build and license.

README.md, after:

# SNIK Quiz

![build](https://github.com/snikproject/snik-graph/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

![SNIK Quiz screenshot](../../releases/download/0.2/snik-quiz.png)

## Usage
Play at http://www.snik.eu/quiz by clicking on the correct answer for each of the questions.

## Development
Requires `npm` and a Linux style command line with tools like `sed`.

### Create Questions

* There are several types of questions which have a template each.
* The questions from all templates are merged into a [JavaScript file](src/data/quiz-data.js).
* Recreating the questions is only necessary when the templates have been changed or the data on the [SNIK SPARQL endpoint](https://www.snik.eu/sparql) has changed in a way that should be reflected in the questions.
* Recreating the questions is a partially automated process.

#### Process

subject.sparql depends on the graph http://www.snik.eu/ontology/derived.
For each template:

1. Execute the SPARQL query in the `sparql` directory, for example [definition.sparql](sparql/definition.sparql). You may need to disable "Strict checking of void variables" in the Virtuoso SPARQL Query Editor.
2. Save the output as a tab separated values (TSV) file, such as `definition.tsv`.
3. Use the transformation script to create a JavaScript  for example `./transform-definition < input > definition.js`
4. The transformation file may not be correct, use a text editor with search and replace to create a syntactically correct JavaScript array.

At the end, use the existing [quiz-data.js](src/data/quiz-data.js) to get the header and footer and add the contents of the template arrays.

#### Question Templates

* Name: Given a definition, choose between the names of 4 "similar" classes to find the correct one.

##### Add a new Question Template
Create the files as required by the process.

### Run Locally
`npm start`

### Deploy to GitHub Pages

    npm run build
    ./deploy

### License
SNIK Quiz uses the MIT license like <https://github.com/davidrayoussef/react-quiz>, which this is a fork of with minimal modifications.
The main contribution of SNIK Quiz is the question data, not the user interface.
